This is a site that combines the ideas for 
Assignment 2 and Assignment 3

Essentially, it's a site in which you can add to the table a list of 

Site Idea:
Have a full library of games one has completed.
Using CRUD one can modify the data as they play more of a game,
finish it, change their opiniong, and add more as they play more.
Of course, in the case of a mistake, they can delete, although the site
asks "are you sure?" before that.

This site also combines what is essentially part of assignment 1 and 2.
About Me being a sort of "about us", explaining who created the site,
and in other projects, ideally, i'd advertise my other sites / projects...
if i had any, which in this case, i just copied the original CV Page

Contact Me could be used for feedback, feature requests, or general comments.
Regardless of the page, I think it's a great feature to have.

Of course, following assingment 2, the routing is done using express
And for assignment 3, the table is in mongoDB and can be accessed with CRUD

How to improve the site:
    - frankly, the css and design is kinda messy. It looks good on my end
 but i fear it may not look good in other devices.
    - On the edit and add pages the Y/N should be a radio button
    - Use a different bootstrap design as the one used in the videos in class
    as it would make my site stand out more, and be more original / creative
    (however, i fear how the code may break/change on an environment with limited time)

    *the following are suggestions with a caviat, explained later:
    - The number of hours on the table should be an actual number
    - The rating should be an actual number on the table
    - The rating on the add and edit page should be a list of selections
    from 0-10 (with maybe an 11 added for MASTERPIECE)

*Regarding the numbers however, I feel like leaving it as strings is more
convenient and leaves room for creativity. So the user could rate a game
MASTERPIECE/10, or put the amount of hours they've spent in a game as "too many"
or "not nearly enough", which I think is a really cool feature, specially if
you're going to show your friends.

Up next is a small draft I had going in:

Concept inspired by this site:
https://myanimelist.net/
in which one can mark the animes they've watched, the rating, and other things

NAV BAR:
Home / Welcome Page - Make your friends jealous, get neat stats or relive memories
Register Games - CRUD
About Us / Inspired by - quick MAL reference
Past Projects - Straight from assignment 1 as part of my assignment 2 requirements
Contact Us - Form

FOOTER:
Socials of the creator (?)
Else:
Done as a studying project, not infringing copyright (?)

Information on table of games

TITLE | COMPLETED (yes/no) | Hours Spent on it | Comments | Rating (1-10) 